documentation/docs/key_concepts/README.md, before:

---
description: Key concepts clarify a single topic.
image: /img/logo/iota_logo.svg
keywords:
  - explanation
  - key concepts
  - clarify
---

# Key Concept Files

Key concepts are analogous to [explanations in Diataxis](https://diataxis.fr/explanation/). You should use this folder
to give in depth explanations on any topic that's relevant to your project.

## Single Responsibility Principle

Similar to the SOLID principles, you should try to adhere to the
[Single Responsibility Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-responsibility_principle) when writing
explanations. Each article should address a single topic, and any sub-topics if relevant. If you need to touch on a
different subject while doing so, you should add a link to that subjects explanation, rather than fully explain it.

The main topic should be the first header in the article, and any subtopics (or even a subtopic's subtopic) should
follow hierarchically by using the appropriate header tag level.

## Related Examples

Your explanation articles will probably relate to one or more examples or tutorials. Please make sure to list them
in the article, so the user can have a hands-on experience while learning the concepts, or visit them afterwards.

Commit message:

Replaced Examples Folder label for How Tos Added links

documentation/docs/key_concepts/README.md, after:

---
description: Key concepts clarify a single topic.
image: /img/logo/iota_logo.svg
keywords:
  - explanation
  - key concepts
  - clarify
---

# Key Concept Files

Key concepts are analogous to [explanations in Diataxis](https://diataxis.fr/explanation/). You should use this folder
to give in depth explanations on any topic that's relevant to your project.

## Single Responsibility Principle

Similar to the SOLID principles, you should try to adhere to the
[Single Responsibility Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-responsibility_principle) when writing
explanations. Each article should address a single topic, and any sub-topics if relevant. If you need to touch on a
different subject while doing so, you should add a link to that subjects explanation, rather than fully explain it.

The main topic should be the first header in the article, and any subtopics (or even a subtopic's subtopic) should
follow hierarchically by using the appropriate header tag level.

## Related How Tos And Tutorials

Your explanation articles will probably relate to one or more [How Tos](../how-tos/README.mdx) or [tutorials](../tutorials/README.mdx). Please make sure to list them
in the article, so the user can have a hands-on experience while learning the concepts, or visit them afterwards.
